---
title: Chat-GPT Online
date: 2023-04-06 20:07:22
---

# Chat-GPT Online

{% btn regular::Click me to Chat-GPT::https://chat.ajie.wiki %}

## Welcome to Chat-GPT!

Thank you for using Chat-GPT.

- Model: GPT-3.5 (turbo)

>I have already emailed to request access to GPT-4, but I have not yet received a reply.
- API key by: Open AI
- Server deployment by: Vercel

>Unfortunately, I am regret to tell you that the server of Vercel is in Phoenix, Arizona, United States, which means that it is not accessible for some regions to visit this site.


## Authorized Access & Security

At Chat-GPT, we take the privacy and security of our users very seriously. Your chat information is only visible to yourself. Several measures are taken to protect your privacy.

In the meanwhile, the security of servers and accounts should be ensured. Only users with a valid token can access the Chat-GPT service, all others are restricted.

To get acess token, you may:
- Email me
>My email address is listed on the homepage of the website.
- Contact me
>Only if we are acquainted

Tokens are not allowed to be shared or used by others without permission.

**The access token can be changed at any time, please stay in contact in case it is lost.**

## Legal Usage Policy

We want our users to use Chat-GPT for the right purposes. Our chatbot is designed to provide assistance and support, and any abusive or illegal usage is strictly prohibited. We reserve the right to monitor all conversations and take necessary actions to ensure that Chat-GPT is used within legal boundaries.

Thank you for choosing Chat-GPT. We hope you'll have a great conversation!

~~By the way, "Legal Usage Policy" above is also generated by chat-GPT~~
